handshake loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
handshake loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
handshake loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
handshake loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
handshake loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
handshake loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 18000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds

ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 26000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 20000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 18000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 25000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 29000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 33000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 21000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 24000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 30000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 27000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 22000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 29000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 20000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 20000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 22000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 71000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 59000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 25000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 18000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 46000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 31000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 25000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 18000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 27000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 13000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 18000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 18000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 34000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 22000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 18000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 26000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 21000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 31000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 22000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 22000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 22000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 22000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds

ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds


ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds

ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 19000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 20000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds

ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 15000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 6000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 7000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 11000microseconds

ping loop for TaskFour 11000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 12000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 17000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 14000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 13000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 16000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 10000microseconds
ping loop for TaskThree 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskSix 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskTwo 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFive 8000microseconds
ping loop for TaskFour 9000microseconds
ping loop for TaskOne 10000microseconds
